Fix typos, missing information and not working code samples [API-1067] (#1343)
hazelcast/hazelcast-nodejs-client: DOCUMENTATION.md

# 1. Getting Started

This chapter provides information on how to get started with your Hazelcast Node.js client. It outlines the requirements,
installation, and configuration of the client, setting up a cluster, and provides a simple application that uses a distributed
map in Node.js client.

## 1.1. Requirements

> - Windows, Linux or macOS

Author: Actually the name starts with small letter. Source: https://www.apple.com/tr/macos/

When you set up a Hazelcast cluster in the Cloud (AWS, Azure, GCP, Kubernetes) and would like to use it from outside the Cloud
network, the client needs to communicate with all cluster members via their public IP addresses. Whenever Hazelcast cluster

> members can resolve their public external IP addresses, they pass this information to the client. As a result,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
members are able to resolve their public external IP addresses, they pass this information to the client. As a result,
```

are able to is clearer here.

the client can use public addresses for communication if it cannot access members via private IPs.

Hazelcast Node.js client has a built-in mechanism to detect such situation. When the client starts, it executes the following
steps:

> 1. Check if private addresses reported by members are the same as defined in the client configuration. If they are the same,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check if the private addresses reported by members are the same as defined in the client configuration. If they are the same,
```

# 7. Blue-Green Deployment and Disaster Recovery

Hazelcast provides disaster recovery for the client-cluster connections and can use the well-known blue-green mechanism, so that
Hazelcast provides disaster recovery for the client-cluster connections and can use the well-known blue-green mechanism so that
a Node.js client is automatically diverted to another cluster on demand or when the intended cluster becomes unavailable.
These features require **Hazelcast Enterprise** edition.

Using the blue-green system, the clients can connect to another cluster automatically when they are blacklisted from their

> <!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD013 -->

Reviewer: This is here for a purpose :)

independently. The CP data structures differ from the other Hazelcast data structures in two aspects. First, an internal commit
is performed on the METADATA CP group every time you fetch a proxy from this interface. Hence, callers should cache returned
proxy objects. Second, if you call `DistributedObject.destroy()` on a CP data structure proxy, that data structure is terminated

> on the underlying CP group. It cannot be reinitialized until the CP group is force-destroyed. For this reason, please make sure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the underlying CP group, and cannot be reinitialized until the CP group is force-destroyed. For this reason, please make sure
```

Starting with `It` does not look good to me.

Hazelcast `ISemaphore` is the distributed implementation of a linearizable and distributed semaphore. It offers multiple
operations for acquiring the permits. This data structure is a part of CP Subsystem.

Semaphore is a cluster-wide counting semaphore. Conceptually, it maintains a set of permits. Each `acquire()` waits, if necessary

> until a permit is available and then takes it. Dually, each `release()` adds a permit, potentially releasing a waiting acquirer.

Reviewer: Let's revert this change. comma was right.

As an alternative, potentially safer approach to the multiple-permit acquire, you can use the `tryAcquire()` method of Semaphore.
It tries to acquire the permits in optimistic manner and immediately returns with a `boolean` operation result. It also accepts

> an optional `timeout` argument that specifies the timeout in milliseconds to acquire the permits before giving up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an optional `timeout` argument which specifies the timeout in milliseconds to acquire the permits before giving up.
```

I don't think we need this change.

Author: I remembered the grammar wrong. Right, which seems better

Reviewer: as I know it does not matter. that's why i said it is not needed.

You can add event listeners to the distributed data structures.

> **NOTE: Hazelcast Node.js client is a TypeScript-based project, but JavaScript does not have interfaces. Therefore, some

> > interfaces are given to the user using the TypeScript files with `.ts` extension. In this guide, implementing an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> interfaces are given to the user with TypeScript definition files which have `.d.ts` extension. In this guide, implementing an
```

The Entry Listener is used by the Hazelcast `MultiMap` and `ReplicatedMap`.

> You can listen to map-wide or entry-based events using the `EntryListener` interface functions. Every function type

Reviewer: I think EntryListener interface functions does not sound good. There are some fields that are expected to be functions in the interface. I think you should revert the change except deleting `by`.

The Entry Listener is used by the Hazelcast `MultiMap` and `ReplicatedMap`.

> You can listen to map-wide or entry-based events using the functions in the `EntryListener` interface. Every function type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can listen to map-wide or entry-based events by using the functions in the `EntryListener` interface. Every function type
```

Hazelcast supports entry processing. An entry processor is a function that executes your code on a map entry in an atomic way.

An entry processor is a good option if you perform bulk processing on an `IMap`. Usually, you perform a loop of keys -- executing
`IMap.get(key)`, mutating the value and finally putting the entry back in the map using `IMap.put(key, value)`. If you perform
this process from a client or a member where the keys do not exist, you effectively perform two network hops for each
update: the first to retrieve the data and the second to update the mutated value.

If you are doing the process described above, you should consider using entry processors. An entry processor executes a read and
updates upon the member where the data resides. This eliminates the costly network hops described above.

> **NOTE: Entry processor is meant to process a single entry per call. Processing multiple entries and data structures in an

> > entry processor are not supported as it may result in deadlocks on the server side.**

Reviewer: `Processing X` is singular.

```suggestion
> entry processor is not supported as it may result in deadlocks on the server side.**
```

}
```

Now, you need to ensure that the Hazelcast member recognizes the entry processor. For this, you need to implement the Java

> equivalent of your entry processor and its factory and create your own compiled class or JAR files. For adding your own compiled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
equivalent of your entry processor and its factory, and create your own compiled class or JAR files. For adding your own compiled
```

comma is needed here.

}
```

Now, you need to ensure that the Hazelcast member recognizes the entry processor. For this, you need to implement the Java

> equivalent of your entry processor, and its factory and create your own compiled class or JAR files. For adding your own compiled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
equivalent of your entry processor and its factory, and create your own compiled class or JAR files. For adding your own compiled
```

</hazelcast>
```

In this example, the code that runs on the entries is implemented in Java on the server side. The client side entry processor is
used to specify which entry processor should be called. For more details about the Java implementation of the entry processor,
see the [Entry Processor section](https://docs.hazelcast.com/hazelcast/latest/computing/entry-processor) in the Hazelcast
Reference Manual.

> After the above implementations and configuration are done, and you start the server where your library is added to its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the above implementations and configuration are done and you start the server where your library is added to its
```

there are no two separate independent clauses here. so comma is not needed.

The SQL service provided by Hazelcast Node.js client allows you to run SQL queries.

You can use SQL to query data in maps, Kafka topics, or various file systems. Results can be sent directly to the client
or inserted into maps or Kafka topics. For streaming queries, you can submit them to a cluster as jobs to run in the background.

> > **WARNING: The SQL feature have become stable in 5.0 versions of the client and the server.For a client and a server to be
> > fully compatible, their major versions must be the same.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **WARNING: The SQL feature have become stable in 5.0 versions of the client and the server. In order a client and a server to be
> fully compatible, their major versions must be the same.**
```

I feel like `In order` is better.

* Faster execution of similar queries. If you submit more than one query where only a value changes, the SQL service uses the
cached query plan from the first query rather than optimizing each query again.

> * Protection against SQL injection. Using query parameters, you don’t need to escape special characters in user-provided

Reviewer: Let's revert this. Using X you don't need to do Y seems wrong. This is a conditional statement, we need if.

## 8.8. Distributed Query

> Hazelcast partitions your data and spreads it across the cluster of members. You can iterate over the map entries and look for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hazelcast partitions your data and spreads it across a cluster of members. You can iterate over the map entries and look for
```

```

When running the queries, Hazelcast treats values extracted from the JSON documents as Java types so they can be compared with

> the query attribute. JSON specification defines five primitive types used in the JSON documents: `number`, `string`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the query attribute. JSON specification defines five primitive types that be can used in JSON documents: `number`, `string`,
```

or 

```suggestion
the query attribute. JSON specification defines five primitive types for JSON documents: `number`, `string`,
```

#### 8.9.2.2. Near Cache Example for Map

The following is an example configuration for a Near Cache defined in the `mostlyReadMap` map. According to this configuration,

> the entries are stored as `OBJECT`'s in this Near Cache. Eviction starts when the count of entries reaches `5000`; entries are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the entries are stored as `OBJECT`'s in this Near Cache, and eviction starts when the count of entries reaches `5000`; entries are
```

## 8.13. Configuring Load Balancer

> Load Balancer configuration allows you to specify which cluster member to send the following operation when queried.

Reviewer: the sentence is too complex. 

```suggestion
Load Balancer allows you to send operations to one of a number of endpoints (members).
```

from https://docs.hazelcast.com/hazelcast/5.2-snapshot/clients/java#configuring-client-load-balancer
